---
description: 'Circle Meeting 6 - September 23rd 2021 - 17:00 UTC'
---

# Meeting 6 - September 23rd 2021

## **Agenda Items for CC meeting \#6**

**Thursday, September 23rd. at 17.00 UTC**

#### Topic template:

* \(Topic start time\) Topic of discussion/Objective - **Leader\(s\)** - Duration in minutes

### **Planned agenda items for CC meeting \#6 - 120 min** \(2 hours\)

### **Opening, Announcements and Expectations Alignment \(10 min\)**

\(00:00\) Check-in - **All** - 5 min

\(00.00\) - Nadim introduces himself as facilitator. - Nadim

\(00:05\) Revise agenda and align expectations - **All** - 5 min

### **Updates on CC actions \(60 min\)**

### **Moving existing Items across the board**

\(00.10\) \(CC\) **Tracking problems and actions** - \([Trello Card](https://trello.com/c/reroCIGE) \) - Agree Implementation of guidelines presented at the last Circle meeting and discuss moving existing Items \(problem backlog\) across the board - Everyone - 30 mins

### **Defining the next elections.**

\(00.40\) **Reviewing the previous CCv1 Voting System** - All - 10 mins

\(00.50\) **Defining the next election process for CCv2** - Chainvote - Felix - 10 mins

### **Other CC Actions**

\(01.00\) **Scam Problem Sensing** - \([Trello Card](https://trello.com/c/c2twH1Ng)\) - Dean - 10 mins

[https://docs.google.com/document/d/12kuyVqsljKQhv9DI8X5eMP9uZ5hihYoEoQ1EWJaw5Ag/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12kuyVqsljKQhv9DI8X5eMP9uZ5hihYoEoQ1EWJaw5Ag/edit)

**Open Conversation \(10 min\)**

\(01.10\) Open Conversation. Topics: - 10 mins

**New topics for discussion \(10 min\)**

\(01.20\) **C-Society** - Space of Urgency, SecretDecks, PACE, QA-DAO, LIDO Nation - to petition for Circle support ? - Related to Onboarding Problem \([Trello Card](https://trello.com/c/a1H1t8fn)\)

\( ideation and draft solutions for Rewarding/Reputation/Onboarding structures and systems - Felix - 10 mins

**Next CC priority, action items, closing remarks \(10 min\)**

\(01:30\) Go over action items and identify ownership, closing remarks - **All** - 10 min

Stephen to refer to action points made during meeting

**Meeting feedback and buffer time \(20 min\)**

\(01:40\) Fill out feedback form about the meeting productivity - 5 min

\(01:45\) Buffer time / Open dialogue - **All** - 15 min

\(02:00\) End

### **References**

**Source Document**

{% embed url="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fpGyisjBatJgbviAPpQNF5ar23J\_8I6lin63MtKGmcU/edit\#" %}

\*\*\*\*

[Circle GitBook - Previous Meeting 5 Minutes & Agenda](https://catalyst-swarm.gitbook.io/catalyst-circle/meetings/meeting-5-september-9th-2021)

[Circle GitBook - Catalyst Prioritized Problems Trello prototype](https://catalyst-swarm.gitbook.io/catalyst-circle/activities/catalyst-prioritized-problems-trello).

\*\*\*\*

