---
description: Facilitator and Secretaries meetings
---

# Meetings

## September 2021

### 14th September - 17:00 UTC

#### Meeting on the Catalyst Secretary role.

{% hint style="info" %}
Meeting between John Buck, Michael Yagi and Stephen Whitenstall on the Catalyst Secretary role.
{% endhint %}

### 15th September - 1300 UTC

#### Facilitator and Secretaries First Meeting - getting to know each other 

{% hint style="info" %}
Members:  Nadim Karam, Charlie Robertstad, Nori Nishigaya, Stephen Whitenstall, Alice Sitar, Michael Yagi, Felix Weber
{% endhint %}

#### **Check-in \(start 0:00\)**

* Start Recording

#### **Administrative: \(start 0:05\)**

Announcements

Accept proposed Content Agenda

Contact info for meeting invites

Team to add \(or verify\) email addresses below

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="text-align:left"></th>
      <th style="text-align:left"></th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left">Nadim Karam</td>
      <td style="text-align:left"></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left">
        <p></p>
        <p>Charlie Robertstad</p>
      </td>
      <td style="text-align:left"></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left">Nori Nishigaya</td>
      <td style="text-align:left"></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left">Stephen Whitenstall</td>
      <td style="text-align:left"></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left">Michael Yagi</td>
      <td style="text-align:left"></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left">Peter Wolcott</td>
      <td style="text-align:left"></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left">Felix Weber</td>
      <td style="text-align:left"></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left">Alice Sitar</td>
      <td style="text-align:left"></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

#### **Content Agenda \(start 0:08\)**

#### Introductions

#### Discussion on purpose of Catalyst Circle Facilitators and Secretary team

{% hint style="info" %}
Propose a discussion on roles and responsibility of facilitator, secretary, and team on Friday? \(30m might not be enough for this meeting\)
{% endhint %}

**Nadim** - Is traveling and trying to keep up to date when he can. Interested in how the facilitator/secretary roles chase.

**Charlie**  - We do not have a clear vision of Circle aims. Project Catalyst seems agnostic on setting goals. The current iteration gives me little confidence that much will be delivered. As there is not enough conversation about problems. Also there is a need to define terms like “red lines”. How to define the shape of Catalyst remains open. At Circle Meeting 5 how to define the election process seemed to be sidelined by funding issues ?



